let me now speak of a mystery that helton pays attention to the image
An object
was hovering over the sky of the municipality of embu in the
São Paulo is just that goal he was caught by the left to see
clearly that it is the object of this can verify the people
the shot
is that moving the people who would have seen it to see what is good and there
It is the parish's own equipment for the afternoon and evening to help the
attacker the air
it's disturbing is that it almost took the best
it was perfect because through many shops it is said that iata
lr
these objects
Lastly
the polish rally the pre-season and there according to the goalkeeper sidney cake he
believes that he had already proposed that fado an alien spacecraft people
more taken one can imagine that could have for a meteorological balloon some
thing like that
Aeronautical War reported that it received nothing abnormal in bakeries
air space and in são paulo to four months now that image is captured
four months ago huck would also have been clean track
the last personal record of dying I can not spare everyone want
understand that this fantastic
it's an amusement park we're going to work it seems to have to be spent
observed by the seemed like personal testimony everything changed aside the pilot to
camera got good maria
the register
was able to capture the exact moment from the image that someone recorded and brought
Not here for us.
it was the staff was there and managed to catch it looks there collaborator another
Image
call attention is just talk live with the dividend reporter has more
This information is a feat that can do journalism and live
besides david
have more information
already known in dvd is really that the object was this
Good morning gives in the rally is the mystery continues having of the arts in the great saint
paulo and that's why there are so many people here
in this square trying to observe yet another apparition of this flying object does not
identified
whoever says that it is spittle, in fact, a dripping with the stilettos of a
balloon or even a descent mounted by a resident already drawing attention to
cause controversy but the ufologists say that it does not want yes it is thus an object
Unidentified flying man stands next to the paul Hannibal, what are the
possibilities of agreement with you that study this subject that are formed
working with two main possibilities first
it came from outside given high atmosphere and so by definition this object is
thesis but we have to consider the high possibility of its some apparatus
our own aerospace equipment
brandão
the object jensen esata undressed new remotely controlled one was the engine
very sophisticated then it is up to
it also has
then draw attention to these images
what draws attention and
Aeroflot also intel of him the duration of the phenomenon that had in the night
which lasted eight straight hours, he had a case almost stopped the same region of the
so it's not a balloon
so I did not get the season with a wire on the doctor
including residence was above the clouds last year's list below is
the intention help us he managed to project bento xvi passes through this cloud
it is well above the clouds so poetic physical all the US and the object
can not be a balloon obviously also there was a helicopter
therefore it is an unidentified flying object
look this causes a lot of intrigue among the locals a lot of people who pay as it is
When was the time you saw it?
this object not being the key of the city mari was very interesting because this
My son likes us at the time of the sale.
and she pointed to the projector and told her it was from a flying saucer on the
heaven we believed the sister is in to prove that you go from really when
the people left out we spoke May magessi was really a wonderful
flying saucer
with many lights
Yes, it's the same, Paulo said, it lasted more than eight hours.
and we wait for the whole time
then it was smaller side no object was in the same place
it was really cool so for the air the inter tomorrow the locals all came to see
one thing interests me dozens of people widows and they do not catch
registered
images of this unidentified flying object tried to
are paulo goals and each one has an opinion
just to stay free from the tv is now explained
a big fall are paulo very close to the shed
goal
people or people stopped he could see
the UN will come to depend on the place with pt and with all equipment there ours
cameras and volatile
the Minister considers that the registration for our staff has reached a person
can be with the days when it is
drunk is the cangalha of a balloon that comes with led lights and did not even know that
we had delegago rafa places in palo alto but out of date validity
avenues dr
take a look
person participates in the festival today
but now the experts are already starting to analyze the images and are already
saying it is an unidentified flying object
the controversy is very great.
by region the embu na grande são paulo has gained a new ingredient efe
practically the whole city saw this object
exactly many people took time for 8 hours without conceding a goal here in the region
images that draw attention
the blue nucleus the collegiate after new incidents that practically remained
static in the sky nipple flew very fast here by the region actually
for the short space and that's why so many people stay here in this square
those who bring up telescope as Mr. Carlos is not
this is important to catch this image register analyzed if they deal with
catch once again assign vacancy you did what was never done
You came here on the hill.
because it is difficult for you to get a gaza appearance
- in the name of that love, the telescope said that it was balloon, I proved that
it was not balloon that with the telescope you can see the object was not
balloon
the object it circulated
with the internal light igp-di on game day came strong
he hovered in the air like that
understood tv an objective of 55 mm a madness
I lived where I am from 110
of a thousand and one hundred increase
this spacecraft at least one hundred meters in diameter looks only at the
details here
residents of the region they are analyzing now uses the images of the
dilma prison comes here in one of the arts in great são paulo vaccinated in which the
Brazil is the country of the moment is the world cup is the Olympiad will be that
affected textual spoelstra
photo after the Brazilian defender who is the father more draws attention to him
is Brazil is the country of the planet as a whole for it the flying object does not
identified in São Paulo, let's wait and the experts can have a
official response to what really happens